How often do you think John usually gets apples when going shopping?
How often do you think Mary usually gets to see the kitchen, when going to a restaurant?
How often do you think Jim usually adds some medicine to the food, when feeding the dog?
How often do you think Jane usually comes close to falling off the platform, when taking the subway?
How often do you think Rick usually gets some discounted gas, when fueling up?
How often do you think Lisa usually brings her children when she goes swimming?
How often do you think Brian usually gets to work late, when taking the train?
How often do you think Laura usually puts on several layers of clothing, when getting ready for work in the morning?
How often do you think Bruce usually gets fitted with a heart rate monitor, when going to the medical practice?
How often do you think Olivia usually finds some split ends, when washing her hair?
How often do you think Jared is usually the first to jump, when going skydiving?
How often do you think Amy usually uses really expensive stationary, when writing a letter?
How often do you think Adam usually barely has room to stand, when taking the bus in the morning?
How often do you think Esther usually comes across a big sale, when going clothes shopping?
How often do you think Nick usually adds some vegetables, when making pasta?
How often do you think Grace usually adds chocolate chips to a recipe when baking a cake?
How often do you think Greg usually gets into business class, when flying on a plane?
How often do you think Sandy usually cuts her hair a bit shorter than intended, when cutting it?
How often do you think Henry usually decides to buy a photograph, when going to a photo exhibit?
How often do you think Helen usually discovers that one of her tail lights has gone out, when parking her car?
How often do you think Gary usually uses a gift certificate, when ordering pizza?
How often do you think Julia usually polishes the dishes, when doing them?
How often do you think Emma usually looks at the library's exhibit, when getting some books at the library?
How often do you think Logan usually adds some softener to the wash, when doing the laundry?